finish
I do not see the world
p
in total celebrating its 30th edition the rector of the usc where they compete more than
25 dance groups the new theater fru and the streets
they were meetings and dollars before
that is the sport maría for me is a show that is done every year
Five years this art
in the other areas academy
all the groups of the academy the island as it is with much desire and is a way
to express what we do on the island
but in spite of this he is out of danger
good this morning
not so much because
which not only two performances in this way sustained
he only changed clothes and all that of the 5 million spectators
but very funny sanchez lópez
nothing we do a little here and now that what happens in the club and theatrical
La Salle
all my novels
United where they live 1
to stop living not only be necessary
mullen
in this days
travelers
to be a good level
only services
it's a message book that the biggest social change
benitez
tell us a little
finally the race
before that night
Well, I'm a teacher
so far I have here and two classes na
and good to say it
basically it is revealed that all would give us that style
mazzanti we do is to quote agency we cheat more of everything
7 and nothing of what is inside the competition group
this can not be
higareda mascaraña compete for out
we are not going to Barcelona alicante madrid good
where can we go there we go
I have also been told
of each teacher
PS as a spark they give to their students
before the scenario is that true
c always
I for example up there pretty joker
the cai a lot of tension the students are very nervous
and I think that's a promotion like giving a little bit of tranquility
to the students at that time
yacyretá we met the mandare queretanos the name of the club
hello dad mom to pampero
But nothing more
pomuch with his
now finally
that you can tell them that they will send their message
to whom he sends a message
for they made montoro
that's it
the best for me and my students the best
You may have been like this you can not see here on Balearic television account
of Google
hoffman
this faculty
etc